==Venture Idea==
 	In today's economy, organizations are competing to attract and retain high performing individuals, forcing them  to go beyond traditional compensation packages. Surveys show that people highly value work/life balance, a positive work environment, and socially responsible employers. Consequently, many organizations are looking to create a culture that fulfills their networking groups and results in a more productive and meaningful environment. One way to do this is to promote social networking through a variety of new and existing channels  - everything from traditional gatherings and offsite events to online socializing (e.g. intranet versions of Facebook, blogs, etc). Our business is to promote and engage social interaction within networking groups in an organization. To accomplish this we offer a comprehensive software management tool that facilitates all aspects of planning and managing casual gaming tournaments Casual gaming demographics have shifted away from the stereotypical under-30 male gamer, and now encompass almost 60% of all Americans, with women 40% of the total. Studies show that console games improve interaction among all demographics, and some have become a cultural phenomenon (e.g. Guitar Hero). By introducing console gaming tournaments into the networking environment, we will create an alternate form of team building interaction that can excite and motivate people within their various networking groups. StrongerOrg's unique software platform for managing casual gaming tournaments will simplify the work associated with creating and maintaining these events and allow measuring their success . 
    Our platform allows users to initiate a casual gaming tournament of any length (single day to ongoing), promote the tournament among employees networking groups via email, coordinate all elements of registration, and create tournament brackets (using a matching algorithm of their choice). All of this information will be stored  on a customized website that promotes employees' ongoing interaction in the tournaments by allowing them to monitor their standing, the competitors, the play schedule, “write on the wall” (add comments) and view a photo gallery from each game. 
	Our first target market will be established organizations (companies, charities, universities, commercial buildings, etc.) with more than 15 people that have a young culture and are comfortable with technology. We believe these target market will have the most added value, because of their need to maximize productivity and networking among their networking groups, and will be the most receptive to alternative, technology based social networking events.In this target market we will first approach the person in charge of social activities to organize a tournament. Once the concept has been introduced into the organization, we will promote the concept virally within networking groups. An organization-wide tournament can branch into a department-wide tournament (e.g. the sales department), which can then branch into a group-member defined tournament (e.g. a sales representatives and all of their customers). StrongerOrg will allow each member of the organization to own the concept so that they can define the multiple networking groups that they want to interact with, using our product to acheive that goal.
    The first product (StrongOrg Offline) will be used inside the organization by users that are located in the same building, and who will use the console to play. In a later stage we will launch the second product (StrongerOrg Online) which will allow users in different locations to play against each other (The users can be within the same company and different subsidiaries or different companies). 
    Organizations will want to buy the StrongerOrg platform because it provides a unique team building activity, along with all the resources they need to manage it, while reducing the costs normally associated with networking events. Our customized software will also allow the organization to directly monitor their success in engaging and motivating their employees within networking groups for as long as they want.
 


Venture Model 
      Our main source of revenue will be from selling the software solution to customers. We will start with two pricing models: Price per tournament: the customer will pay $550 per tournament, without any limit on the number of users. (The price calculation is estimated according to “the economic value concept” and can be seen in our financial page.) Price per user: The company will pay $20 per registered active user per tournament. The second pricing model allows more flexibility for small organizations, and will be used to gain a foothold in the organization.

For the first stage our funds are limited to developing the offline product (Inside the company, same location). We have already spent several months researching the need for this product, collecting input from people in the market, defining the product, and completing primary development. We will have to spend at  two more months improving the product and fixing bugs, according to pilot customers’ requests and needs. Initial funds are required for the marketing plan, to recruit reference customers and the purchase of capital equipment (Wii Consoles) 
Each member of the team will invest equal amounts of time in developing the product, selling to, and supporting customers, until we have our first five reference customers. For the first six months we estimate that we will spend five hours per customer, which includes the sales cycle and two more hours for recruiting additional sers within the organization. After the first six months we plan to increase the number of customers and therefore our costs will increase. By the first year (2010) we estimate to have $68,803 in profits. By the second year we are planning to increase our customer base by 50% and have a full time person working on ....  
As of the present we have already invested ~$5000 in cash for site development, IT, and computer related equipment.  In a later stage, in order to reach a larger market, we will have to hire a sales and marketing person. Initial compensation will be in the form of company stock.
We see multiple directions for scaling our business. We will start with the first product for internal offline games. Initial sales of the offline product will be concurrent to the development of the Online module, which will allow people in different locations to participate. In addition we would like to provide our customers with ideas and promotional materials (such as shirts, hats, etc.) that will improve their tournament experience, which we will do through our website. Once we have made initial penetration into each organization, the best marketing and sales channels will be the users themselves, who will be encouraged to use the product with their multiple networking groups.
We have built the product in such a way that it is scalable to add more consoles and games without any additional development, so we can support different games and different consoles (Wii, PlayStation, Xbox) according to market need. We will start to scale up the product after six months, after which we will have a proven solution, working customers, and will start to see revenues. 

Market Analysis 
  According to our understanding of the market we currently see two direct  competitors. The first are the companies that offer tournaments for Business-To-Consumers (B2C) (Fantasy games are an example of games that can be hosted by businesses and are offered to consumers for social networking). The second are the traditional social events such as lunch, dinners, and other organized offsite events. However, to our knowledge, there is no one that offers such a solution to the Business-To-Business (B2B) market as we want to do. Therefore we believe that the market is large enough and our product will be well accepted. 
In order to start selling our product our customers have to first approve the concept, and in order to do that we have to start selling the concept and the solution to companies in our target market. After selling the concept our critical mission is to make sure that the customers become reference customers by promoting the idea and by using the solution. By providing a solution that works as advertised, user friendly, and easy to use, our product will sell itself when its use is expanded and our users use the product in their interactions with networking groups that are outside of the organization. Another success factor will be to recruit the right people in different regions in the world that will be able to build strong local distribution channels and refine the marketing plan for the specific region. 
We identify two main critical risks that are related to finding well known companies and recruiting reference customers. The first is that we will not be able to find established companies that will accept the concept because we are not a traditional social networking tool. Focusing on companies that are not receptive to our product, either because they fall outside of our target market or are within our target market and do not see as a viable networking tool, will extend the sales cycle and hurt efforts in finding customers. The second risk is growing our customer base quickly enough. If our product is only used once by an organization, then its exposure to potential users is limited, and the expected viral effect will not take hold. Our marketing plan should be aggressive and quickly executed, and we need to make sure that we are selling to the right customers by selling the benefits of the product (increased interaction among networking groups, better productivity, etc).

We have three advantages in the market: 1) We are first to market with an innovative solution. We are tailoring our product for the B2B market, so we are not in direct competition with our first direct competitor, the B2C market. 2) We offer competitive prices compared to traditional organized social events (our second direct competitor). 3) Our product is focused at the networking group level, as opposed to the organizational level, which expands the potential customer base within an entity.

In our marketing plan we have a list of 50 established organisations at which we have a personal network acquaintance that we can utilize. We will approach each one of them and ask them to open for us the doors in these companies. In addition we will use our Facebook, Twitter and E-mail to send information about our new company and try to recruit people to help us sell the products to their organizations. In exchange we will offer discounts and promotional items. At a later stage we will publish case studies on our website, and will present the product at HR shows, trying to reach different niche markets. Within the first two years we plan to add distributors and event planners to our network that will approach  and sell our platform to a wider market.


Operations Plan 
  Initially, the company will be managed by a core team of employees (see Management), until we reach our target of 30 customers, which we estimate will take six months. After this point we will need to recruit an additional member to handle sales, while the core team focuses on improving marketing efforts and visibility among potential clients. Eventually we will also need to add a team member to handle customer service, so that we can guarantee good customer relations. 
As we add customers, we also plan to document use of the product among different networking groups for case studies to be posted on our website and to be used in marketing promotions. 
We have already started the development stage. At the beginning of November the product will be ready for testing with a pilot customer. Our goal is to recruit the first five customers by February 2010, and start full times sales in March 2010. In the first six months we plan to approach at least 100 potential customers in order to recruit 25 working customers  (25% success rate). In the second and third years, we plan to increase revenues by 25% each year .


Management 
  Pini Usha, our founder and CTO, has 11 years of experience and extensive knowledge of technology and software architecture. Pini holds a BA from IDC in Computer Science and has worked as a full-time developer for the past 9 years. Pini is the main developer and will work with the Sales and Marketing people to grow the product according to customer needs and demand. 
Inbar Margolin, CEO, is a student at the EMBA (A10) at NYU, and has 6 years of Sales and Marketing experience. Inbar manages strategic customer relationships at her present company, and will do the same for StrongerOrg customers. She will manage sales activity and will recruit and support customers. 
John Maiden, Business Development Manager, comes from the finance industry, where he has experience as a software developer. In addition, he has worked on multiple business development projects, including a successful startup consulting firm in China. John has a PhD from the University of Wisconsin - Madison.


Net Profit Estimation for 2009 & 2010 

  	2009 	Jan-10 	Feb-10 	Mar-10 	Apr-10 	May-10 	Jun-10 	Jul-10 	Aug-10 	Sep-10 	Oct-10 	Nov-10 	Dec-10 	Annual Totals 
Number of tournamanets 	  	8 	8 	8 	8 	8 	8 	15 	15 	15 	15 	15 	15 	138 
Sale price per tournamanet @ unit 	  	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	550.00 	  
Tournamanet TOTAL 	  	4,400 	4,400 	4,400 	4,400 	4,400 	4,400 	8,250 	8,250 	8,250 	8,250 	8,250 	8,250 	75,900 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  
Number of users 	  	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	240 
Sale price per user @ unit 	  	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	20.00 	  
Per user TOTAL 	  	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	400 	4,800 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  
Wii First fee 	  	2 	2 	2 	3 	3 	3 	4 	4 	4 	5 	5 	5 	42 
Sale price @ unit 	  	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	50.00 	  
Wii lease TOTAL 	  	100 	100 	100 	150 	150 	150 	200 	200 	200 	250 	250 	250 	2,100 
Other (up-sales) Total 	  	0.00 	0.00 	0.00 	0.00 	0.00 	0.00 	7,500.00 	7,500.00 	7,500.00 	7,700.00 	7,700.00 	7,700.00 	  
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  
Total Montly Sales 	  	4,900 	4,900 	4,900 	4,950 	4,950 	4,950 	16,350 	16,350 	16,350 	16,600 	16,600 	16,600 	128400 
Initial (Development) costs 	5000 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	5000 
Fixed Costs(salary) 	  	1,733 	1,733 	1,733 	1,733 	1,733 	1,733 	1,444 	1,444 	1,444 	1,444 	1,444 	1,444 	19062 
Wii 	  	300 	300 	300 	0 	0 	0 	300.0 	300 	300 	300 	0 	0 	2100 
Variable Costs (salary) 	  	1600 	1600 	1600 	1600 	1600 	1600 	3000 	3000 	3000 	3000 	3000 	3000 	27600 
Per tournament 	  	220 	220 	220 	220 	220 	220 	413 	413 	413 	413 	413 	413 	3795 
Per License 	  	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	20 	240 
Overhead (Scalability, development) costs 	  	100 	100 	100 	100 	100 	100 	200 	200 	200 	200 	200 	200 	1800 
Total Expenses 	5000 	3973 	3973 	3973 	3673 	3673 	3673 	5376.5 	5376.5 	5376.5 	5376.5 	5076.5 	5076.5 	59597 
Net profit 	-5000 	927 	927 	927 	1277 	1277 	1277 	10973.5 	10973.5 	10973.5 	11223.5 	11523.5 	11523.5 	68803 
  
  
Price calculation: 
Cost per customer = Variable expenses/Number of customers = $242.5 (Floor) 
Customer Value: 
Competitor – dinner for 15 employees 
HR hours to arrange the dinner (find a place, check prices, decide on a date, promote inside the organization) = 10 hours 
Assume $40 per hour 
Total $ for HR = $400 
Price per user for traditional restaurant meal = $50 
Ceiling = 400+50* number of users. 
Our price can be between $243 and 400+50* number of users. 
